1. What is parcel?
 Ans : It is a package or collection of things wrapped   together. 
       * It is a module of js file or open-source bundler.
       * It provides the fast performance utlizing multicore processing,and require zero configuring.
  ** Why do we need it?
   Ans : Parcel automatically tracks all of the files, configuration, plugins, and dev dependencies that are involved in your build and provides the cacheing , image optimization, and other stuff.


2. What is npm?
  https://www.npmjs.com/
  NPM is not a node package manager. It is share a of lots of Packages that can use in the production application. It provides the in-built libraries to make application easily.It manages multiple versions of code and code dependences.

3. What is package.json?
  Ans : package.json file is a JSON Document or it's a project's metadata file. That can store the information dependences and other information related to project.

4. What is parcel?
  https://parceljs.org/ 

5. What is Dependecies?
Ans : Dependencies is defined as whatever package required in your production that defines in the package.json file.

6. What is DevDependecies?
Ans : DevDependencies is defined as Whatever packages that are only needed for local developement and testing that are defined in the package.json.

```
npm install --save-dev
       OR
npm install --save
```

** ^ ->caret 
   ~ -> tilde
   https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22343224/whats-the-difference-between-tilde-and-caret-in-package-json

7. What is package-lock?

8. Important points in package-lock.json.
  * It Locks the version.
  * Should not put the package-lock.json into the gitignore file.
  * You have put package-lock.json on the github repo.
  * It maintains the exact version of the dependecies.
  * It maintains the hash of the project or maintains the integrity.
  
9. What is node-modules?
   * `node_modules` folder like a cache for the external modules that your project depends upon.
   * Node is a Heaviest Objects in the  Universe.
   * Not add node-modules into git repo.
   * package-lock.json is helps to generate a node-modules on the server.
   * `Don't push node_modules` in github because it contains lots of files(more than 100 MB), it will cost you memory space.

10. What is npx?
  Ans : It is execute using npm.
      * npx is node package Execute.
      * It is a npm package runner that can execute any package that you want from the npm registry without even installing that package.

11. HMR - Hot Module RePlacement : Parcel automatically rebuilds the changed files and updates your app in the browser. But some cases it perfoem HMR. HMR improves the developement experiences by updating modules in the browser at runtime without needing a whole page refresh i.e `That Application state can be retained as you change small things in your code.`

## File Watcher algorithm - parcel uses(Written in C++)
Ans : * To support an optimal caching and development experience Parcel utilizes a very fast watcher is called is FIle Watcher Algorithm.
* By using File Watcher algorithm watcher Parcel watches every file in your project root(including all node_modules).

12. What is parcel-cache?
 Ans : parcel-cache is a directory generated by the parcel buldler.
 * It is a popular tool used for bundling and optimizing web applications.
 * It serves a specific purpose in the build process.

13 : Parcel bulid all the production file into the dist folder

14. Parcel -> BUILDING : 
           -> MINIFY
           -> REMOVING Console.log
           -> CLeaning Our Code
           -> Dev and Production Build
           -> Super Fast build algorithm
           -> Image Optimization
           -> Caching while Development
           -> Compression
           -> Compatble with older version of browser
           -> HTTPS on dev -> npx parcel index.html --https
           -> Manage a port number
           -> Consistent Hashing algorithm
           -> Zero Config

15. Interview Question : 
    * Why is React Fast?           
           
16. You should put parcel.cache into the .gitignore file.
* Anything generate on the server automatically put it into git.
* This is known as Transitive Dependecies

17. Parcel : https://parceljs.org/ - Read

18. browserslist : https://www.npmjs.com/package/browserslist
* https://browserslist.dev/?q=bGFzdCAyIHZlcnNpb25z

19. What is Tree Shaking?
Ans : * It statically analyzes the imports and exports of each module, and removes everything that isn't used.
* Tree Shaking even works across inport()
boundaries, shared bundles, and even across languages.
* It relies on the import and export statements to detect if code modules are exported and imported for use between Javascript files.

20.  List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
Ans : 5 Superpowers of Parcel
    1. HMR(Hot Module Replacement) : adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.
    2. File Watcher Algorithm : File Watchers monitor directions on the file system and perform specific actions when desired files appear.
    3. Minification : Minifiaction is the process of minimizing code and markup in your web pages and script files.
    4. Image optimization : Compress the image size
    5. Caching while developement : Parcel caches everything it builds to disk. If you restart the dev server, Parcel will only rebuild files that have changed since the last time it ran.

21.  What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans : The `.gitignore file` is a text file that tells `Git ` which files or folders to `ignore` in a project during `commit to the repository`.
* The types of files you should consider adding to a `.gitignore file` are any files that donot need to get committed.
* Examples : # Ignore node_modules folder
             * node_modules

22. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans : Because `package-lock.json` file contains the information of dependencies and their versions used in the project.
* Deleting it would cause dependecies issues in the production environment. So that why don't modify it, It's being handled automatically by `NPM`.

23. - What is the `dist` folder?
Ans : The `/dist` folder contains the minimized version of the source code.
* The code persent in the `/dist` folder is actually the code is used on production web applications.
* Along with the minified code, the `/dist` folder also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other system.

24. What is `browserslist`?
Ans : `Browserslist` is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by speciying `queries` in a config file.
* It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.
